Framework: Weppy
Running on: own server
Waiting for framework to start
Successfully launched Weppy

Test: serialization test
median: 66.0 stdev: 1.08 % 1.64


Test: model serialization test
median: 66.42 stdev: 1.01 % 1.52

Framework: Weppy
Running on: gunicorn server
Waiting for framework to start
Successfully launched Weppy

Test: serialization test
median: 64.02 stdev: 1.03 % 1.61


Test: model serialization test
median: 62.57 stdev: 0.85 % 1.36

Framework: Django
Running on: own server
Waiting for framework to start
Successfully launched Django

Test: serialization test
median: 33.69 stdev: 0.67 % 1.99


Test: model serialization test
median: 33.69 stdev: 1.34 % 3.98

Framework: Django
Running on: gunicorn server
Waiting for framework to start
Successfully launched Django

Test: serialization test
median: 50.48 stdev: 1.6 % 3.17


Test: model serialization test
median: 50.22 stdev: 1.05 % 2.09

Framework: Falcon
Running on: gunicorn server
Waiting for framework to start
Successfully launched Falcon

Test: serialization test
median: 99.41 stdev: 0.33 % 0.33


Test: model serialization test
median: 99.41 stdev: 2.49 % 2.5
